Updated documentation with new message, medias and polls specifications (#95)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/developers/msgs/create-post.md

| `optional_data` | Map | Optional arbitrary data that you might want to store |
| `creator` | String | Desmos address of the user that is creating the post |
| `creation_date` | String | Date in RFC3339 format (e.g. `"2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00"`) in which the post has been created. Cannot be a future date. |

> | `medias` | PostMedias | PostMedia's array contains all the medias related to the post |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `medias` | Array | (Optional) Array containing all the medias related to the post |
```

> | `poll_data` | *PollData | Pointer to Poll Data that contains all the information related to post's poll, if exists |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `poll_data` | Object | (Optional) Object containing that contains all the information related to the poll to be associated with the post |
```

The action associated to this message is the following: 

```

> answer_poll

Reviewer: I think this is not right

```suggestion
create_post
```
